Review of migration guide (#1841)
cap-js/docs: guides/multitenancy/old-mtx-migration.md

<ImplVariantsHint />

> ::: warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning Separate model changes from migration
```

> It is strongly recommended to separate any model changes from the migration. If you need to do model changes for the migration, please deploy the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommended to separate any model changes from the migration. If you need to do model changes for the migration, please deploy the application
```

based on `@sap/cds-mtx` and upgrade all tenants using the [upgrade endpoint](./old-mtx-apis.md#upgrade-base-model-from-filesystem-asynchronous) before you do the migration.
:::

> ::: warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning Deprecated! Update all modules
```

Make sure that you always use the latest version of the CAP modules using `npm outdated`. For Java, also check the versions configured in `pom.xml` files. Since

> `@sap/cds-mtx` is deprecated for quite some time now and will no longer run with e. g. the latest version of `@sap/cds`, updating the versions and adapting your application to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@sap/cds-mtx` is deprecated for quite some time now and will no longer run with, for example, the latest version of `@sap/cds`, updating the versions and adapting your application to it
```

}
```

See also [Extensibility configuration](./mtxs.md#extensibility-config)

> ### Verify application locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify Application Locally
```
